HTML stands for Hyper Text Markup Language
Mainly used for creating Web Pages

Getting Started Hands-on
1. Boiler code - VScode has by default Emmet Abbreviation which does auto complete all tags, body, head, declaration everything.
   Best part of it is already incoded in VScode.
2. Live Server - Best Server for HTML, can install from Extensions.
3. For Predefined declaration just type - ! and enter.
4. For any other tags just type letter or word of it and enter.
5. For commenting use command + /
6. HTML structure 
   HTML → head - (title) → Body - (all tags)  
7. There are h1 to h6 Headings.
8. For dummy paragraph lorem and number of words you want Eg. lorem33
9. For link type a and enter.
10. br for new content on new line.
11. For image type img and enter.
12. alt in image is, in case image is not loaded then what to show.
13. HTML body can be nested meaning it can have multiple tags.
14. HTML have attributes like href in link.
15. There are 2 types of src in image link- 1. Absolute URL and 2. Relative URl.
16. Absolute URL - URL or link to other website external.
17. Relative URL - URL or link to same website internal.
18. We can adjust widht and height of image.
19. Style for adding color or any other styling.
20. hr is horizontal line.
21. pre for preformatted text.
22. A class name can be used by multiple HTML elements, while an id name must only be used by one HTML element within the page:
23. Whenever you want to write important statement you should use <strong> tag.
24. i for italic, small for small text, big for big text, sub for subscript and sup is for superscript
25. For quotes <blockquote>, <q> for short quote, abb for Abbreviation, <address> for writing address.
26. mailto: is for sending.
27. For bookmarks we should id where we want to navigate.
28. For Area per info on image we should map function and add cordinates of that area so whenever we click on it it open info file.
29. For adding image behind text we can style in p itself.
30. For adding image to full screen we need add style in head.
31. For making table we have <table> tag, for column details we should use col, for row tr- table row, inside it th is header detail.
32. For cell detail we use td.
33. For making list we use <li>, we have two types of list unordered list and ordered list.
34. Unordered list <ul> is for list with bullets or any other symbols.
35. Ordered list <ol> is for list with sqeuence number or alphabate.
36. We can use <span> to style particular word.
37. The class attribute is often used to point to a class name in a style sheet.
38. The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element. The value of the id attribute must be unique within the HTML document.
39. The id attribute is used to point to a specific style declaration in a style sheet. It is also used by JavaScript to access and manipulate the element with the specific id.
40. The syntax for id is: write a hash character (#), followed by an id name. Then, define the CSS properties within curly braces {}.
41. A class name can be used by multiple HTML elements, while an id name must only be used by one HTML element within the page
42. An HTML iframe is used to display a web page within a web page.


